#include "themes/cosmic_latte"

*alpha: 1

*font: cherry:style=Regular:pixelsize=11:antialias=false:autohint=false

#define rofic black_normal, white_normal, blue__normal, cyan__normal, white_bright
rofi*font: cherry 11
rofi*lines: 4
rofi*eh: 2
rofi*width: 50
rofi*padding: 20
rofi*color-enabled: true
rofi*color-window: rofic
rofi*color-normal: rofic
rofi*color-active: rofic
rofi*color-urgent: rofic

betterlockscreen*font: Cantarell

*background:  black_normal
*foreground:  white_normal
*cursorColor: white_bright

*color0:      black_normal
*color1:      red___normal
*color2:      green_normal
*color3:      gold__normal
*color4:      blue__normal
*color5:      mgnta_normal
*color6:      cyan__normal
*color7:      white_normal
*color8:      black_bright
*color9:      red___bright
*color10:     green_bright
*color11:     gold__bright
*color12:     blue__bright
*color13:     mgnta_bright
*color14:     cyan__bright
*color15:     white_bright

st*borderpx: 14

st*background:  black_normal
st*foreground:  white_normal
st*cursorColor: white_bright

st*color0:      black_normal
st*color1:      red___normal
st*color2:      green_normal
st*color3:      gold__normal
st*color4:      blue__normal
st*color5:      mgnta_normal
st*color6:      cyan__normal
st*color7:      white_normal
st*color8:      black_bright
st*color9:      red___bright
st*color10:     green_bright
st*color11:     gold__bright
st*color12:     blue__bright
st*color13:     mgnta_bright
st*color14:     cyan__bright
st*color15:     white_bright
